

[Verse]
Well...
Now he’s staring at me like as if he was staring in the mirror
She yells, "Honey, let me explain"
He says, "You don't have to go no further
I can clearly see what's goin' on
Behind my back, in my bed, in my home"
Then I said, "Wait a minute, now hold on"
I said, "Mister, we can work this out"
She said, "Honey, don't lose control"
I tried to get him to calm down
He said, "Hoe, I should have known
That you would go and do some bogus shit up in my house
But the Christian in me gave you the benefit of the doubt"
I said, "We need to resolve this"
Then he stepped to me, I'm like, "Whoa
There's a reason I'm in this closet"
He says, "Yeah, what are you talking clothes?"
"I met this girl at the Paje's club
And she told me she didn't have a man"
Then he said, "Man, please
I'd kill you if you didn’t have that gun in your hand"
And then I said, "But your chick chose me"
He said, "Don't give me that mack shit, please"
His phone goes off and then things get a little more interesting
He steps a little closer
I point my gun and says, "I'm not the one you after"
He says, "Something I bet you didn't know my man
Did she tell you that I was a pastor?"
I said, "Well good that's better, right
Why can't we handle this Christian-like?"
And I started to put the gun down
'Til I saw his face still had that frown
She started crying, saying "Baby, I'm sorry"
Then he said, "Baby not as sorry as you're gonna be"
I started inching out
He says, "No, I want you to see this"
Said, "I gotta get out this house"
He said, "Not 'til I reveal my secret"
I'm like "What is going on inside his head?"
Then he takes his phone and calls somebody up and says
"Hello" (hello?) baby (aha)
“Turn the car around” (what’s going on over there?)
Listen I just need for you to get right back here now" (click)
He looks at me and says, "Well since we're all coming out the closet
I'm not about to be the only one that's brokenhearted"
And she said, "What do you mean?"
And he said, "Just wait and see"
I said, "Somebody better talk to me"
And then his phone rings
He picks up and somebody says "Sweetheart, I'm downstairs"
And he's like "I'll buzz you up
I'm on the fifth floor, hurry take the stairs"
And I'm like, "Who is this mystery lady that you're talking to?"
He says, "In time you both will know the shocking truth
Baby, this is something I've been wanting to get off my chest for a long, long time"
Then I said, "Nigga, I'ma shoot you both
If you don't say what's on your mind"
He said "wait, I hear somebody comin' up the stairs"
And I'm lookin' at the door
He says, "I think you better sit down in the chair"
I says, "I'm gonna count to four"
"1..." he says, "Mister, wait!"
"2...", she says, "Please don't shoot"
"3...", he says, "Don't shoot me"
"4...", she screams
Then a knock on the door, the gun's in my hand
He opens the door, I can't believe it's a man
(Man… man… man…)

