

[Verse 1: P.O.S.]:
When living struck at a time is givens coming out with miscreants
Misplaced reps and missed caused some deviants
Picture me strolling, diggin' it's that misfit
With a bulky looking rhyme skill from Hennepin to Selby
Still I'm bigger than matches, 'bout time I burned back
That's dope for the first time I kick so sign raps is black when I'm done the sack
Look, I got a lot of slim incisions
But not a cut deep enough to stop me, watch me, clock
These people are not droppin' thoughts like they supposed to be
Like they forgot, now they caught, droppin' soap, you see
Fills the tanks of they SUV's they wonder why terrorism is a joke to me
It's all of, my blood's hot the scourge of the spot
I serve thoughts they serve cops by servin' up rocks
And why not? Welcome to that new pollution
Where you part of the problem, where you part of the

It's the product of society, piece of shit cause you lie to me
Promise of stress? Yes. I kinda feel like somethin' died in me
I smile, see? Cause I'm the face of fright
This type of revolutionary knows what mace tastes like

[Hook:]
From the gutter (Where you at?)
To the dirt (Where you at?)
If we get it, guarantee to give it back (Where you at?)
On the map (Where you at?)
Around the world (Where you at?)
From the subs to the ghetto don't look back (Where you at?)
I got the skills to pay the bills and that's about it
It don't take mills to eat meals, my dollar doubts it (Where you at?)
In a shack with a roach and a match
They say it ain't where you from, well fucker that's where I'm at

Living (living)
Slightly (slightly)
Larger (larger)
Make sense and take dollars
Living (living)
Slightly (slightly)
Larger (larger)
Here today, tomorrow you's a goner

[Verse 2: Mike Mictlan]:
Make your mind or make it up
Make sense, take dollars, or just make enough
To get by, with a little help from your friends
Bump heads but make ends meet to stack ends
Produce units, and become better than students
The didge-dige-the doom unit, you better get used to it
Living, slightly, voted most likely
To bite me, the bigger the teeth the harder I'm striking
It's that feeling, no sense in feeling the sight
Face flush, blood rush, fiender for life
Just one more hit, I ain't never gonna quit
Depending on being independent
You ain't up on this?
They be like: Hey homie. Yo, what's the latest?
I be like: This game is for the geniuses, play time is just for players
Run of the mill, gunnin' the deal
Instead of rims, put sundials on your wheels and run for the hills

[Hook]

