

It's the tragic story of a crawling humanity imprisoned by its culture. A
Culture of faith, a culture of pain and hate of the other for religious reasons
We based our lives on this war. The speech they have and preach have stopped
Our progress for a thousand years. Arrested development
Whether the war is real or fake, damages are real. Perpetuate a false concept
To protect our obsolete culture. Bringing in the pain, in diverse ways and format
Restricting your intellect. A culture of faith, a culture of pain. It's a
Plague, a cancer of the mind, of us all, arrested development
A crawling humanity imprisoned by its culture. Not just the hate we
Perpetuate. It's not just the restrictions we impose ourselves
It's not just the false paradise we describe. It's the work left undone. It's
The progress delayed. Whether the war is real or fake, damages are real
Perpetuate a false concept to protect out obsolete culture. It's the tragic
Story of a crawling humanity imprisoned by its culture
A culture of faith, a culture of pain and hate of the other for religious
Reasons. We based our lives on this war
The speech they have and preach have stopped our progress for a thousand years
Not just the hate we perpetuate
It's not just the restrictions we impose ourselves. It's not just the false
Paradise we describe. It's the work left undone.It's the progress delayed
It's not just the kill count we accumulate. It's the tragic story of a
Crawling humanity imprisoned by its culture. A culture of faith
A culture of pain and hate of the other for religious reasons. We based our lives on this war
The speech they have and preach have stopped our progress for a thousand years
Bringing in the pain, in diverse ways and format
Restricting your intellect. A culture of faith, a culture of pain. It's a
Plague, a cancer of the mind, of us all, arrested development
A crawling humanity imprisoned by its culture. Sharper than a razor blade
Tighter than your chastity belt, sicker than your honor crime;
It's the premature death of your mind

