

[Narrator:]
This is an SCG3 special report with Sam Romero

[Sam:]
"Good evening, I'm Sam Romero. We continue our special report now on the so called monster invasion. As of 11 A.M. today, the President has declared the nation to be under marshal law. Reports coming in now indicate the mass hysteria continues to spread throughout the globe. It is not yet confirmed by officials what is causing these horrific events, but it is suggested by certain sources, that these creatures that are now being spotted throughout the world are neither human, nor are they wild animals. It is strongly advised that people should stay indoors, and if you encounter one of these beings, DO NOT try to make contact with them. They will attack without warning. Our very own William Tracy in the skies is now reporting. Will?"

[Will:]
"Sam, we are here hovering over Downtown, where the monsters are literally swarming the city. The freeways are clogged, there is absolutly now way out of Downtown. These creatures, they're incredibly strong. A few minutes ago, we saw one actually pick up an SUV, and throw it at a clump of people, and then.. eh? Zoom in on that, yeah. Are we getting that? It's actually looking at us! It's, it's climbing. It's, no, pull up, PULL UP PULL U..."

[Sam:]
"Will? Hmm, ahem. We seem to be suffering from technical difficulties. We'll get back to William Tracy as soon we get the satelite feed repared. In the meantime, we now go live to Joan Caar, at the Hellbender Plaza. Joan?"

[Joan:]
"Sam, I'm standing here with thousands of citizens. The first thing that greeted us when we drove up, was the smell of decomposing flesh. The dead are literally walking the streets! Eh, even though the people know about the curfue, there's absolutly no trace of the police or the miltary yet. It's understandable, the people feel the urge to get out of their homes and go look for their loved ones. They don't know what to do, and how to cope with all of this.. eh something's happening! Ehm, OH MY GOD! Run! Drop the camera! Drop the camera! Run!"

[Sam:]
"Uh, we, uhm, seem to be experiencing some more technical difficulties with Joan as well, so.. ehm, I am just being told that someone is infiltrating our broadcasts. Are we going off the air?"

[Monster:]
"Good Evening you puny little humans. Don't try to adjust your sets. We control the transmission. Your dominion of the Earth has gone on far too long. You've had your chances, you've blown them all. Now it's time to cut the bullshit. You are are a plague. We're forced to take disciplinary action. Behold the sounds that will grind your insides. The sights that will make you blind. Your walls of iron will bend and the seas will run red with your blood. The Earth will quake and open it's fuming maw, swallowing all the heretics and the fools on the wide path to hell. The skies will open with a thunderous roar. My little pets will fly out in swarms that will block the sun. They will kiss the flesh of the bones of those who still chose to follow the false prophets. Join us! Or forever drown the pit of despair. The Scartic Circle Gathering is now. This is the day of reckoning. This Is the Arockalypse!"

