

To the fish in the sea, put your mouths on my hook
If I'm soft, will you give me the medusa look?
Well, your dress lit the floor on fire when it touched
So my little black book, how it shook, how it shook
How it shook shook shook shook SHOOK!

I heard that sometimes you like to suffocate
Cry out to me oh won't you please
Speak to me oh
(GREAT DANE WHILE I RIDE THE MAIN VEIN)

When I write about you honey, oh the ink just runs off the page
Wow, what subject matter but by no means be
(FLATTERED BY THERE'S BRUISES ON YOUR LEGS)

What a clever trick! Drop in with a bowl of cherries telling me I have to pick
But how could you not see the locks on the door?
There's no turning back
You'll get all that you wanted and more!
So pick up the rope and wear it
If your friends want the noose, will you share it?

Ooh, baby you just don't do me right!
Maybe we can try one more time
Put your spine right on the dotted line
Ring around the right posy, woesy and whimsy wire line
That's just about the right time to make you mine, all mine
Time and energy all for nothing
I should've listened to my intuition
Now I'm stuck under the floorboards
But they're splitting as you're stripping down to
Vines and melody, they surround you
Sometimes I wonder if your trap really worked
Are you the remedy? Sensual medicine?
If so, prep the patient for a long shot
Lay down where you please, on your back
La la la la la la la la
I am the dog drooling tar on the nape of your neck
I eat emotional wrecks and yours is the best

You know I tried, you know I tried
I've got a pocketful of dark black pickup lines
That I want to spill down the well of your throat like a pile
Of ants in an alien line to see what they do
To see what they find. Will you just let them decline?
I spiked both our drinks with a gallon of ink
Now I'm writing a novel from your insides
We're a spider with our limbs doing anything but walking
A conversation with our mouths doing anything but talking
Hey, take off the rope!
You've worn it and after all, it was boring
I think I'm falling asleep

