

Sex with you is like:

When I wake up in the morning…I smell that good old breakfast that my mama used t0 make..
Sex with you is like..
The feeling that you get when al your friends surprise you on your birthday..
Sex with you is like…
Like I made the last shot and everybody's screaming my name…
Sex with you is like…
It's like my pocket's full of dough and I ain't worry about a damn thing..

When I think about the sex
Nothing better comes to mind
I wanna sex you all the damn time
Just thinking 'bout the sex
Has got me wanting you to come through
And do sex like we always do
Being with you is really the best with you, it makes life worth going through…ain't nobody got a body like you…
Cuz my time with you meets my needs, ain't gotta go looking in the streets it's you …ain't nothing better than the way we do.. Girl I'm loving having time with you…

Sex with you is like..
Winning an award after working so damn hard…
Sex with you is like…
When the man at the dealership hands over the keys to my new car…
Sex with you is like..
When the check comes in the mail after being broke for so long…
Sexwith you is like..
It's like getting out the PEN and shawtys there to take you home..

When I think about the sex…nothing better comes to mind I wanna spend time with you all the damn time..
Just think bout your time had got me wanting you to come through…and spend time like we always do
Sex with you is really the best with you, it makes life worth going through…ain't nobody got a body like you…
Cuz my time with you meets my needs, ain't gotta go looking in the streets it's you …ain't nothing better than the way we do.. Girl I'm loving having time with you…

It's all about the freaky things we doo…
And I know I know..
You like it just as much..
As I doo
Baby I ain't never tried…to hit and run..I'm just tryna make you the only one
I'll be timing you on the regular Cuz ain't nothing better then time with you…

Oh oh oh

Let me break it down and tell you what the time is like…
Whooeee.. time with you is likee
It's like going to the stripclub and ain't gotta pay for none of that striplove
Whoa time with you is like
Like a closet full of air force.. low white, my size
Being with you is like..
Like being the first nigga in the hood with black drop tops 645
Being with you
Being with you is really the best with you, it makes life worth going through…ain't nobody got a body like you…
Cuz my time with you meets my needs, ain't gotta go looking in the streets it's you …ain't nothing better then the way we do.. Girl I'm loving having time with you…

Being with you…
Being with you yeah yeaah…
Being with you yeah yeah …

