

Over land, I traveled time and space and quicksand
And for sixty days I knew no other road

And through the maelstrom, which turned in time with the kick drum
I was swallowed and twisted and spit out on a coast
And in this place there stands a gate that leads to the heart of the city
And I've spent seven years and a sea of fears in this broken mirror of a city
Listen to the streets there's a heartbeat missing in the city
Sweet sunlight, I can see it in my mind's eye
Yeah I remember feeling alright
And I saw black clouds and Turin shrouds and it smelled of a faded empire
It's all concrete and steel, we're asleep at the wheel, and the mayor's just a gun for hire
Listen to the streets there's a heartbeat missing in the city
Listen to the sound there's a time bomb ticking in the city

I've heard the song the morning sings
Outside the gate is everything
Let in the light! Let in the light!
Streetwalker said to me she has no need for history
She has the key she has the key
Sweet sunlight, I can see it in my mind's eye
Let in the light! Let in the light!

Waking up from a dream where I was the stone and you were the stream
Chemical City isn't all that you need but it's all that you're getting and they've hidden the key

Listen to the streets there's a heartbeat missing in the city
Listen to the sound there's a time bomb ticking in the city

Let in the light, let in the light
I said this place is an unnatural disaster
And I'm a visitor here so I asked her:
Where are the trees, where are the trees?
And she said free yourself from history
That is the key! That is the key!
Sweet sunlight, I can see it in my mind's eye
I see the light! I see the light!

The gate is gone now, you better run [x4]

Can you feel it? There's a heartbeat missing in the city
Yeah there's a heartbeat missing in the city
Where all the fat-cats are hissing at your pity
There's a heartbeat missing
The gate is gone so you better run
You better run run run run...
You better run run run run...
You better run!

