

Sideshow Bob: A dish best served cold
Homer: Is it ice cream?
Sideshow Bob: No, revenge!

Take your pants off!
Well, we just wanna see you naked

Blah blah blah with all your bullshit
XXX crossing out the hit list
Hunter Moore on speed dial
You'll be famous for a while

BAMF Mode has been activated
Why did our love grow complicated?
Cheated on me and broke my heart
Gonna show the world your private parts

A bright idea popped in my head
Figured out a way to get even instead
Found a website called I-A-U
And guess what honey? I'm gonna post your nudes

Revenge is best served cold and sweet
So face the music and accept defeat
Payback when I click submit
Game over on all these tricks

You better think fuckin' twice
Or I'll ruin your life

Is anyone up? Is anyone down?
To get revenge on this fuckin' town
Is anyone up? Is anyone down?
We'll upload your shit and we'll take you down

You always said you would die to be famous
But you never thought it would be because of your anus
You fucked up when you fucked around
Now another E slut making mom and dad proud

Paging Dr. Faggot

Photoshopping my revenge
God knows where that ass has been
Every guy who's texted you
Had a little piece or two

That shit's no longer my concern
Mess with me and feel the burn
N B to the HNC
Write it on your ass and send it to me

Straight to the gutter from where you came
That sloppy slut pussy got you fame
Call it that but you got it all wrong
Your face is famous for sucking my dong

See you crying, what's the problem?
Post your nudes, girl I straight robbed them
Your Facebook, screencap
Reaction pic, fap, fap, fap!

Is anyone up? Is anyone down?
To get revenge on this fuckin' town
Is anyone up? Is anyone down?
We'll upload your shit and we'll take you down

You always said you would die to be famous
But you never thought it would be because of your anus
You fucked up when you fucked around
Now another E slut making mom and dad proud

Your momma is gonna love what you've become
Diamond plated princess with a mouth full of cum
Wrapped head in lace and head full of dumb
This is the start, not a war, bitch I already won!

Hey motherfucker, tell me whose laughing now?
All these bitch boy motherfuckin' faggots with their asses out
Don't try to justify, this isn't revenge
This is what you had coming to you in the end

You always said you wanted to be famous
And now you're the entertainment
You always said you wanted to be famous
And now you're the entertainment

You always said you wanted to be famous
And now you're the entertainment
You always said you wanted to be famous
And now, payback's a bitch!

Don't blame me or say I ruined your life
An invasion of privacy, yeah fucking right
So keep sucking dick and telling your lies
But if you send nudes, better think fuckin' twice

You better think fucking twice
And I fucked your mom

Jules (from Pulp Fiction): And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy My brothers when I lay My vengeance upon thee

