

[Verse 1]
What is a god of phoney creation?
Where am I going with no destination?
What if the fish came from the sea?
What if my lover made me feel free?
What if my intake cause revelation?
What if the point was reincarnation?
What if my shoes don't match my jacket?
If it's not working, why don't you smack it?

What if your mama said you were fat?
If you are lost, find where you are at
One is a number without any time
You can't get higher with nothing to climb
Why have a body if you ain't got a mind?
What is a searching with nothing to find?
Why is the traffic refusing to stop?
Why climb the ladder if you can't reach the top?

[Chorus]
Why? Where is the what if the what is in why?
Where is the what if the what is in why?
Where is the what if the what is in why?

[Verse 2]
What do you dream of when you sleep at night?
See how the blind man fills up with light
What is the bird with nowhere to fly?
How can you leave and not say goodbye?
What is a hunter with nothing to find?
What is the goodness without the unkind?
When did the outfit fall out of fashion?
When did the love fall out of passion?

[Bridge]
My reincarnation time
A phoney creation rhyme
With no destination mine
My information's fine

[Verse 3]
Why did the voice say don't step on the floor?
Why did the sign say to float through the door?
What is a god of phoney creation?
Where am I going with no destination?

What if the fish came from the sea?
What if my lover made me feel free?
What if my intake caused revelation?
What if the point was reincarnation?
What if my shoes don't match my jacket?
Now, if it's not working why don't you smack it?
What if your mama said your were fat?
If you are lost find where you're at

[Chorus]
Why? Where is the what if the what is in why?
Where is the what if the what is in why?
Where is the what if the what is in why?

[Verse 4]
How did the looser get to be rich?
What is a salesman with nothing to pitch?
When did the fool get to be king?
Why did you leave when they asked you to sing?
Why lose belief when you've got a dream?
What is a train that ran out of steam?
What is a spy with no one to spy on?
How do you sleep with nothing to lie on?
What if the fruit don't fall from the tree?
What if these questions just won't let you be?
Why waste time looking for proof?
What if the answer is never the truth?

