

As the states raid and invade another land
Hatred grows for Sam
The Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan
Winners goal: To control, be number one
Making modern day slaves of everyone
That's their plan: To protect, infect
(?) brothers in combat
To kill another man from another land
Man's ashamed being a pawn in the games of a rich gang
Another murder in the name of democracy
Land of the free with policies of slavery
I'm laughing hard - The draft card I watch it burn
They want to see my ass dead, well it's his turn
That's why they're calling me a communist, a socialist
Ain't that a bitch?
I'd rather be a commie than a fascist
I fight the system of oppression who's profession
Is discretion another ? for the possession of money
And of course I think I'm funny 'cause I'm worldwide
Too many millions are the victims of a genocide
I'm going crazy, all I do is see and stand by
We're a victim of another fucking homicide
So I'm waiting for the day to rush the White House
I see a brother kill a punk and take his head out
Until that day I'm dedicated to open eyes
Organize the revolutionaries of the mind
And yet we'll soon the movement reach an apex
A lynch mob with a noose for Sam's neck
There rests the future for the land that they stole
A whole nation built upon the labor of black folk
He's gonna pay for his crimes to humanity
The ultimate creator of the world's insanity
And yes I'll put a rest to the merchant of death
With a shotgun blast to his chest
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
The victim of a criminal
A message so serial
I ain't down to be a killer's accomplice
Accessory to murder so I fight the resistance
System of oppression leaving people with no hope
Conspiracy to kill us like the stuff that was all rope
At the same time sinner's equility
For all nationalities in the midst of brutality - yo
Here's the reality while in the United States
Four hundred years of hate and the world's highest murder rate
I'm too unsteady in the pains of ?
Presumed (?) suicide penalty ?
(?) struggle
Making billions off their brokers (?)
And with no shame we're motivated to rearrange(?)
(?)
Well no one (?) at his goddamned funeral
Not even one individual was the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
Yeah kick that shit
Victim of a criminal
Assembled on the front line what yeah
A message so serial
Dedicated to a world revolution straight up
Kickin' that shit
Victim of a criminal
Yeah you know it's time to kill
Straight up yo
Sick of that genocide
Sick of that man made disease
It's a world wide genocide I'm on the side
Ain't going out like that
Assembled on the front line
People oppressed by the world's entire foolery
Comin' up layin' it to you
Yeah and it ain't no joke
Goin' out with nothing but gunsmoke
Organizing a world revolution
Ten thousand Somalis lie dead in the desert sand
Killed by American humanitarians
Operation Restore Hope - No hope restored
Just another killing field a state of war
And just like a rat we never see the attack
(?) of their bodies be they brown or black
We carry out our regime like some zombies (?)
So they believe in every message of the TV screen
The newspapers get filled with propaganda and hype
But you can't believe anything you see, read or write
So you're slammed up braindead and change the(?)
The American Dream becomes the whole world's nightmare
Our future home - Nothing but a war of the classes
All of the masses versus the fascists
These are just the (?)
THere ain't much time to find that
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
A message so serial
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
A message so serial
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
A message so serial
We're the victim of a criminal
We're the victim of a criminal
A message so serial
We're the victim of a criminal

