Let it run, Ali
Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dreamI remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answersPromise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooooh
"Ay, ay, ay, where you 'bout to go?"
"Nigga, the homie's brother—nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!"
"Hey, come to the store for a nigga, one time."
"We on the block right now, my nigga, like, we—nigga, we right here, my nigga."
"Bring a nigga back a black!"
"Nigga—bruh—nigga, they just killed the homie's brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga... Al—alright, nigga—nigga, just come—alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back."
"Bring a nigga back a black!"
"Ahh, fuck... So, so, what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon' do?"
"Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like... nigga, I don't give a fuck, my nigga. We can go back right now."
"Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"
Tired of runnin', tired of huntin'
My own kind, but retirin' nothin'
Tires are steady screechin', the driver is rubbin'
Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't
Dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst?
Dope on the corner, look at the coroner
Daughter is dead, mother is mournin' her
Stray bullets, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waitin' patiently, but they couldn't
Bring her back, who got the footage?
Channel 9, cameras is lookin'
It's hard to channel your energy when you know he crooked
Banana clip, split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst
How many sins? I'm runnin' out
How many sins? I lost count
Dreams of ballin' like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper callin', I'm cottonmouth
Money is power 
Yours is ours 
Lay with a snitch, die with a coward
Hope we get rich, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song, a black flower
I'll show you how to
Dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst
What are we doin'? Who are we foolin'?
Hell is hot, fire is proven
To burn for eternity, return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Tired of runnin', choirs is hummin'
Tell us to visit, we lie about comin'
Now back to business, loadin' the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is feudin'
The beef is bubblin', it's no discussion
Hereditary, all of my cousins
Dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst, dyin' of thirst
Too many sins, I'm runnin' out
Somebody send me a well for the drought
See all I know is takin' notes
On takin' this life for granted, granted, if he provoke
My best days, I stress days
My best days, I stress days
Say "fuck the world," my sex slave
Money, pussy, and greed—what's my next crave?
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Tired of runnin', tired of runnin', tired of tumblin'
Tired of runnin', tired of tumblin' – backwards
My momma say "See, a pastor give me a promise
What if today was the rapture and you completely tarnished?
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dyin' of thirst, you dyin' of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works."
Fuck! I’m tired of this shit!
I’m tired of fuckin' runnin', I’m tired of this shit!
That’s my brother, homie!
Young man, come talk to me! Is that what I think that is?
I know that's not what I think that is
Why are you so angry?
See, you young men are dying of thirst
Do you know what that means?
That means you need water, holy water
You need to be baptized, with the spirit of the Lord
Do you want to receive God as your personal savior?
Okay, repeat after me:
"Lord God, I come to You a sinner."
"And I humbly repent for my sins."
"I believe that Jesus is Lord."
"I believe you raised Him from the dead."
"I would ask that Jesus come into my life."
"And be my Lord and Savior."
"I receive Jesus to take control of my life."
"And that I may live for Him from this day forward."
"Thank you, Lord Jesus
For saving me with Your precious blood."
(Thank you, Lord Jesus
For saving me with Your precious blood)
"In Jesus' name, amen."
Alright now, remember this day
The start of a new life – your REAL lifeRed light, green light, red light, green light
Red light, green light, they like, we like
Fast carsLoyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
10-4, no switchin' sides
Feel somethin' wrong
You actin' shifty, you don't vibe
With me no more, I need
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Rihanna,
Rihanna
]
It's so hard to be humble
It's so hard to be
Lord knows I'm tryin'
Lord knows I'm dyin', baby[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar &
Kid Capri
]
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy
It's the one and only, the world's greatest, the Kid Capri
If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element(
Offstage Argument
)
Not on my, not while I'm up here
Not on my time, kill the music, not on my time
We could save that shit for the streets
We could save that shit, this for the kids, bro
2015, niggas tired of playin' victim, dog
Niggas ain't trying to play vic— TuTu, how many niggas we done lost?
How many— Yan-Yan, how many we done lost?
No for real, answer the que—, how many niggas we done lost bro?
This—, this year alone
Exactly, so we— we ain't got time to waste time, my nigga
Niggas gotta make time, bro
The judge make time, you know that, the judge make time, right?
The judge make time so it ain’t shit
It shouldn’t be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left, dog
On the dead homies, Charlie P, you know that, bro
You know that
It’s— it's mando, right, it's mando
And I s— I— And I— And I say this because I love you niggas, man
I love all my niggas, bro
Exac— enough said, enough said
And we gon' get back to the show and move on, because that shit petty, my nigga
Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check
We gon' do some acapella shit before we get back to-
All my niggas listen, listen to this:
I promised Dave I'd never use the phrase "fuck nigga"
He said, "Think about what you saying: "Fuck niggas"
No better than Samuel on the Django
No better than a white man with slave boats"
Sound like I needed some soul searching
My Pops gave me some game in real person
Retraced my steps on what they never taught me
Did my homework fast before government caught me
So I'ma dedicate this one verse to Oprah
On how the infamous, sensitive N-word control us
So many artists gave her an explanation to hold us
Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty; king royalty - wait listen
N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish
The history books overlook the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize we been using it wrong
So I'ma break it down and put my game in a song
N-E-G-U-S, say it with me, or say it no more
Black stars can come and get me
Take it from Oprah Winfrey, tell her she right on time
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest Negus aliveEight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist
Like woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah 
Woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah 
Woah, woah-woah
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light
Double cup, deuce, four, six, just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy, 'shrooms, blow, 'dro, hoes, whatever you like
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the lightWhen I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear
Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years
My newfound life made all of me magnified
How many accolades do I need to block denial?
The shock value of my success put bolts in me
All this money, is God playin' a joke on me?
Is it for the moment, and will he see me as Job?
Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before?
At 27, my biggest fear was losin' it all
Scared to spend money, had me sleepin' from hall to hall
Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin'
30 shows a month and I still won't buy me no Lexus
What is an advisor? Somebody that's holdin' my checks
Just to fuck me over and put my finances in debt?
I read a case about Rihanna's accountant and wondered
How did the Bad Girl feel when she looked at them numbers?
The type of shit'll make me flip out and just kill somethin'
Drill somethin', get ill and fill ratchets with a lil' somethin'
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck
At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein' judged
How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city
What they say 'bout me reveal if my reputation would miss me
What they see from me would trickle down generations in time
What they hear from me would make 'em highlight my simplest lines
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' creativity
I'm talkin' fear, fear of missin' out on you and me
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' loyalty from pride
'Cause my DNA won't let me involve in the light of God
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone
I'm talkin' fear, fear that love ain't livin' here no more
I'm talkin' fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness
Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully, they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Wonderin' if I'm livin' through fear or livin' through rap
Damn
God damn you, God damn me
God damn us, God damn we
God damn us all
Verse 2 says, "You only have I known of all the families of the Earth, therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities"
So until we come back to these commandments
Until you come back to these commandments
We gonna feel this way, we gonna be under this curse
Because He said He's gonna punish us
The so-called Blacks, Hispanics, and Native American Indians
Are the true children of Israel
We are the Israelites, according to the Bible
The children of Israel
He's gonna punish us for our iniquities, for our disobedience
Because we chose to follow other gods
That man chastens his son, so the Lord, thy God, chasten thee
So, just like you chasten your own son, He's gonna chasten you
Because He loves you, so that's why we get chastised
That's why we're in the position that we're in
Until we come back to these laws, statutes, and commandments
And do what the Lord says, these curses is gonna be upon us
We gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live
Here, in today, in the United States of America
I love you, family, and I pray for you
God bless you
Shalom[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar &
SZA
]
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything
and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? 
I know the feeling haunt you 
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closerWhen shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
The voice of Mandela, hope this flow stay propellin'
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga—
I been wrote off before, I got abandonment issues
I hold grudges like bad judges, don’t let me resent you
That’s not Nelson-like—want you to love me like Nelson
I went to Robben’s Island analysing; that’s where his cell is
So I could find clarity—like, how much you cherish me?
Is this relationship a fake, or real as the heavens be?
See I got to question it all; family, friends, fans, cats, dogs
Trees, plants, grass, how the wind blow, Murphy’s Law
Generation X—will I ever be your ex?
Flaws of a baby step', mauled by the mouth a bit—pause
Put me under stress, crawled under rocks, duckin' y’all
It’s respect—but then tomorrow, put my back against the wall
How many leaders you said you needed then left ‘em for dead?
Is it Moses? Is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?
Is it Martin Luther? JFK? Shooter—you assassin
Is it Jackie? Is it Jesse? Oh, I know it’s Michael Jackson—oh
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
That nigga gave us "Billie Jean," you say he touched those kids?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propelling
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga, let me ask this question, nigga
[
Spoken Outro:
Kendrick Lamar &
2Pac
]
"I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in the hotel room
I didn’t wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn’t stop survivor’s guilt
Going back and forth trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting the continuous war back in the city
I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was respect
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn’t mean I can’t respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don’t know, I’m no mortal man
Maybe I’m just another nigga”
Shit and that’s all I wrote
I was gonna call it "Another Nigga" but, it ain’t really a poem
I just felt like it’s something you probably could relate to
Other than that, now that I finally got a chance to holla at you
I always wanted to ask you about a certain situa-
About a metaphor actually, uh, you spoke on the ground
What you mean by that, what the ground represent?
The ground is gonna open up and swallow the evil
Right
That’s how I see it, my word is bond
I see—and the ground is the symbol for the poor people
Right
The poor people is gonna open up this whole world
And swallow up the rich people
'Cause the rich people gonna be so fat
And they gonna be so appetizing, you know what I’m saying Wealthy, appetizing
The poor gonna be so poor, and hungry
Right
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna be like
You know what I'm saying, it's gonna be...
There might, there might be some cannibalism out this muh-fu-
They might eat the rich, you know what I'm saying?
Aight so let me ask you this then
Do you see yourself as somebody that’s rich
Or somebody that made the best of they own opportunities?
I see myself as a natural born hustler
A true hustler in every sense of the word
I took nothin’, I took the opportunities
I worked at the most menial and degrading job
And built myself up so I could get it to where I owned it
I went from having somebody managing me
To me hiring the person that works my management company
I changed everything, I realized my destiny
In a matter of five years, you know what I’m saying?
I made myself a millionaire, I made millions for a lot of people
Now it’s time to make millions for myself, you know what I’m saying?
I made millions for the record companies
I made millions for these movie companies
Now I make millions for, for us
And through your different avenues of success
How would you say you managed to keep a level of sanity?
By my faith in God,
by my faith in the game
And by my faith in "all good things come to those that stay true"
Right
You know what I’m saying?
And it was happening to me for a reason
You know what I’m saying, I was noticing, shit
I was punching the right buttons and it was happening
So it’s no problem, you know
I mean, it’s a problem but I’m not finna let them know
I’m finna go straight through
Would you consider yourself a fighter at heart or somebody that
Somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall?
Shit, I like to think that at every opportunity I’ve ever been, uh Threatened with resistance, it’s been met with resistance
And not only me but, it goes down my family tree
You know what I’m saying, it’s in my veins to fight back
Aight well, how long will you think it take before niggas be like
"We fighting a war, I’m fighting a war I can’t win
And I wanna lay it all down"
In this country, a black man only have like
5 years we can exhibit maximum strength
And that’s right now while you a teenager, while you still strong
While you still wanna lift weights, while you still wanna shoot back
'Cause once you turn 30 it’s like
They take the heart and soul out of a man
Out of a black man, in this country
And you don’t wanna fight no more
And if you don’t believe me, you can look around
You don’t see no loud mouth 30-year old motherfuckers
That’s crazy, because me being one of your offsprings
Of the legacy you left behind,
I can truly tell you that
There’s nothing but turmoil goin’ on so, I wanted to ask you
What you think is the future for me and my generation today?
I think that niggas is tired of grabbin' shit out the stores
And next time it's a riot it's gonna be like, uh, bloodshed
For real, I don’t think America know that
I think America think we was just playing
And it’s gonna be some more playing but
It ain’t gonna be no playing
It’s gonna be murder, you know what I’m saying?
It’s gonna be like Nat Turner, 1831, up in this motherfucker
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna happen
That’s crazy, man, in my opinion
Only hope that we kinda have left is music and vibrations
Lot a people don’t understand how important it is, you know
Sometimes I can like, get behind a mic
And I don’t know what type of energy I’ma push out
Or where it comes from, trip me out sometimes
Because it's spirits, we ain’t even really rappin’
We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us
Damn
I wanted to read one last thing to you
It’s actually something a good friend had wrote
Describing my world, it says:
“The caterpillar is a prisoner to the streets that conceived it
Its only job is to eat or consume everything around it
In order to protect itself from this mad city
While consuming its environment
The caterpillar begins to notice ways to survive
One thing it noticed is how much the world shuns him
But praises the butterfly
The butterfly represents the talent, the thoughtfulness
And the beauty within the caterpillar
But having a harsh outlook on life
The caterpillar sees the butterfly as weak
And figures out a way to pimp it to his own benefits
Already surrounded by this mad city
The caterpillar goes to work on the cocoon
Which institutionalizes him
He can no longer see past his own thoughts
He’s trapped
When trapped inside these walls certain ideas take root, such as
Going home, and bringing back new concepts to this mad city
The result?
Wings begin to emerge, breaking the cycle of feeling stagnant
Finally free, the butterfly sheds light on situations
That the caterpillar never considered, ending the internal struggle
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different
They are one and the same"
What’s your perspective on that?
Pac? Pac?
Pac?![Bridge: George Clinton &
Kendrick Lamar
]
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop
(It's quite a drop, drop, drop
)
Lookin' good when you're on top
You got a medal for us
Leavin' metaphors metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'[Chorus: Steve Lacy &
Kendrick Lamar
]
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care,
I care
Maybe I wasn't there 
Maybe I wasn't there 
Maybe I wasn't there 
Maybe I wasn't thereBraggin' 'bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want
Ayy, ayy, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe!
Ayy, nigga, I think there's somebody in this room!
Wait, what?!
Nigga, there's somebody in this room!
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called: "Hello? What you doin'?" — "Kickin' it."
I shoulda told her I'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense
With the homies
But – they made a right, then made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies
K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well, which one he talkin' about?
I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans!
Nigga, I think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
Nigga, for what?
What that nigga— what's that Jeezy song say, nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there
I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man, you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan, luv
We gon' use the kickback as a alibi, wait 'til the sun go down, roll out,
complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he's not gon' do
Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight, but we should meet up around 12
I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
Nigga, sit yo dumb-ass back down!
Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
Matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car!
We finna get active!Are you the reason why mom and them leavin'
No, you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean it
I know you irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it
Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin' out
You was deserted, where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence? Where was your support that you pretend?
You ain’t no brother, you ain’t no disciple, you ain’t no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit, or leave his best friend,
little brother
You promised you’d watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitches
You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit
Guess you thought he'd recover well
Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed," you ain't try
*Sniffling*
I know your secrets, nigga, mood swings is frequent, nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons, nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin', nigga
Y'all damn near beefin', I see it and you're the reason, nigga
And if this bottle could talk *gulping*
I cry myself to sleep, bitch, everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets, don't let me tell 'em to the world
About that shit you thinkin'
and that time you *gulping*, I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof
Should've killed yo' ass long time ago
You should've felt that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if these mirrors could talk it'd say, "You gotta go"
And if I told your secrets the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weaknessThgifnug a ni eid dna rehtaf a tuohtiw pu werg I elihW
Efil 'nivres eb dluoc gwaD poT ,ykcuD dellik ynohtnA fi esuaceB
Ecnedicnioc morf eb dluow reppar tsetaerg eht thguoht reveohW?
Tnedicni nekcihc taht tuoba meht 'nidnimer trats uoy nehT
Stifeneb rieht 'nipaer yeht erehw soiduts gnidrocer edisnI
Niaga teem me' ekam uoy ,sregnarts emas meht ,retal sraey ytnewT
Ti htiw evil dna seciohc nwo rieht ekam nac yeht os luos a me' eviG
Stnemaciderp modnar ni me' tup dna sregnarts owt ekat uoY
Yhw uoy llet ll'I dna ,amrak doog dna tsefinam eht esreveR
Emit a ta esruc eno ,sevil yeht fo htob degnahc noisiced eno tahT
Noitnetta yaP—
Erac tuB
—Tpecnoc etalucammi ,siht ekil eno ecnis retrauq eniacoC
AND ym edisni ytlayor tog ,ytlayoL
—Tog I ,tog I ,tog I ,tog I
So, I was takin' a walk the other day…Let's get it!
Look, look!
On foenemI washed my hands, I said my grace
What more do you want from me?
Tears of a clown, guess I'm not all what it's all meant to be
Shades of grey will never change if I condone
Turn this page, help me change to right my wrongs, yup-yup , I know
, for sure , amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson,
don't ask for your favorite rapper
, yup-yup , I know
, for sure , amenJust call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Yeah, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean this shit is
Fred Hampton on your campus, you can't resist his
HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR
Thug life
Thug lifeIf your walls could talk, they’d tell you it’s too late
Your destiny accepted your fate
Burn accessories and stash them on the yard
Take the recipe, the Bible and God
Wall telling you that commissary is low
Race wars happening, no calling CO
No calling your mother to save you
Homies to say you're irrepetible, not acceptable
Your behavior is Sammy the Bull like
A killer that turned snitch
Walls is telling me you a bitch
You pray for appeals hoping the warden would afford them
That sentence so important
Walls telling you to listen to
Sing About Me
Retaliation is strong, you even dream 'bout me
Killed my homeboy and God spared your life
Dumb criminal got indicted same night
So when you play this song, rewind the first verse
About me abusing my power so you can hurt
About me and her in the shower whenever she horny
About me and her in the after hours of the morning
About her baby daddy currently serving life
And how she think about you until we meet up at night
About the only girl that cared about you when you asked her
And how she fuckin' on a famous rapper
Walls can talk 
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel roomPlease leave your message for three-two-three
Record your message after the tone
Kendrick, where you at?
Damn, I'm sittin' here waitin' on my van
You told me you was gon' be back in fifteen minutes
Man, I gotta go up to the county buildin', man, these kids ready to eat
I'm ready to eat, shit
I gotta get them food stamps, come on now
You on your way or what?
I hope you ain't out there messin' with them damn hoodrats out there, shit
'Specially that lil' crazy-ass girl Sherane
And plus you got school tomorrow
You keep fuckin' around in them streets, you ain't gon' pass to the next grade
Eleventh grade
Your daddy callin' about some damn dominoes 
He want to holler at you too, go ahead, Kenny, go'n, shit
Hello? Yak, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
, What?
I'm on his voicemail, damn fool , shit
Yak, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
This the second time I asked you to bring my fuckin' dominoes
Just give me the damn phone, shit, don't hang up, damn, let me
Kendrick, when you get this message, man, call me back 
I need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car 
This man fussin' 'bout some damn dominoes
It ain't all that serious, fuck, damn dominoes
Shit, I'ma miss my damn appointment, fuck
Fuck some damn dominoes, nobody wanna hear that
Nobody wanna hear your ass
Matter fact, cut my motherfuckin' oldies back on
You killin' my motherfuckin' vibeI been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel room
I didn't want to self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn't stop survivors guilt
Going back and forth
Trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting a continuous war
Back in the city
I was entering a new oneThey want that shit, they often fiend
I give it to 'em, but in between
My time, I gotta tie shoestrings
Life's a trip when you want these things
I often slip and then I lean
Toward three W's in life
You know blow job need an application
Eating pussy make appetite
And yeah, my type, I like 'em brown
Just like my drink, the fuck you think?
I don't fuck with no hand-me-downs
See if you fuck, then it's after me
You know how much I'ma make it work?
You know her dress livin' in her purse
When you discuss your love for lust
Just make sure you visit here first: Cali
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-Town, I be really pimpin'
But nothing like my hometown, I'm forever livin'
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar &
Dr. Dre
]
Women, weed and weather
They come for
women, weed and weather
For the women, weed and weather
From all around the world for the
women, weed and weather
Got that women, weed and weather
Don't it sound clever? Come and play
Wh-what more can I say? W-welcome to LA
(Smokin' weed with you
In the leaves, in the fall
I smoke with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
In the leaves, in the fall
I smoke with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you
'Cause you’ve taught me to
Smokin' weed with you)Lately, I feel like I been lusting over the fame
Lately, we lust on the same routine of shame
Lately  Lately, my lust been heightened 
Lately, it's all contradiction 
Lately, I lust over self 
Lately, in James 4:4 says
"Friend of the world is enemy of the Lord"
Brace yourself: Lust is all yours
I need some water
Something came over me
Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush my favorite vein
Heartbeat racing like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I asking too much?
Let me put the head in
Ooh, I don't want more than that; girl, I respect the cat
I promise, just a touch
Let me put the head in
If it's okay; she said, "It's okay"Who doing the drums?
Man put that nigga on the drums man
Yep, all day, "Mortal Man" and "Kunta"
Alright, from the topAin't nobody prayin' for me
Who prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin'Between you and me, turn eulogy to urinals, niggas pissed off
I ministered this generation by far
Leader of the new school
On my toes like a ballerina, who knew I'd be Black Swan?
World in my palms, ironically
I am the Globetrotters' best 'cause I didn't drop the ball
Told niggas when I was 16
That I'd write a 16 to put a nigga right on the big screen
In the paddy wagon with six teens
Should have been in the pen
But now my pen write with morphine
I heal niggas, touch down with more fiends
I kill niggas, audio crack,
khakis to meal ticket
Cardio lap, was running for dear life
But now I'm running the map, bitch, I'm here nigga
Picture lil' ole me giving a fuck
for what a fuck nigga gotta say
Nigga, you never be Jay, never be Nas,
never be Snoop nor Dre
You ain't get killed in Vegas or in a Suburban
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite
So many washed up with detergent
But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose
Like blah, Mini-14 like blah
Empty out another magazine like blah
Let a young nigga get by 
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe 
I am the bad, the good god, the last the hood got
The last that would try to pass a good job
If Shawn's a black Beatle then I need a 10 second drum solo
Bitch see you at Woodstock, ah!I'ma get my Uncle Sam to fuck you up
You ain't no kingWho gon' pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
'Cause I'm alone, you see
If I'm gon' die for you
If I'm gon' kill for you
Then I spilled this blood for you, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Who gon' pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
'Cause I'm alone, you see
If I'm gon' die for you
If I'm gon' kill for you
Then I spilled this blood for you, hey
Just in case my faith go, I'll live by my own law
I'll live by my own law, I'll live by my own
Just in case my faith go, I'll live by my own law
I'll live by my own law, I'll live by my own"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Oh now, slow down"
And once upon a time, in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was five-foot something, dazed and confused
Talented but still under the neighborhood ruse
You can take your boy out the hood
But you can't take the hood out the homie
Took his show money, stashed it in the mozey wozey
Hollywood's nervous
Fuck you, goodnight, thank you much for your service[Outro: Baby Keem &
Kendrick Lamar
]
Let me jump in this bitch
Two phones, but I only bring one in this bitch
One daughter, but they all my sons in this bitch
No hoes, ain't shit gettin' done in this bitch
I'm scary, I got a gun in this bitch
Smokin' on top fives, stop playin', I'm that guy
Number two DM'ing my bitch
That's cool, I don't ask whyKenny, I ain't trippin' off them dominoes anymore. Just calling, sorry to hear what happened to your homeboy,
but don't learn the hard way like I did, homie.
Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga.
Real is responsibility. Real is taking care of your motherfucking family. Real is God, nigga
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real
[Skit: Kenny Duckworth &
Paula Duckworth
]
Alright, that's all I wanted to tell you. Just make sure you call us back when you get this message. Here go your mom
Boy, you better have my car on full all this time you done had my damn car, but look I ain't trippin'.
Look, the neighbors say they seen you and your little friends over there by Food for Less
and they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book because right about now that's what y'all need.
Oh, and Top Dawg called the house too. I guess they want you and Dave to come to the studio. But look, you take that music business serious, and put out something me and your dad can step to. Shit, you know we from Chicago, you know that's what we do
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
"If I don't hear from you by tomorrow, I hope you come back and learn from your mistakes. Come back a man, tell your story to these black and brown kids in Compton. Let 'em know you was just like them, but you still rose from that dark place of violence, becoming a positive person. But when you do make it, give back with your words of encouragement, and that's the best way to give back. To your city...
And I love you Kendrick, if I don't hear you knocking on the door you know where I usually leave the key. Alright? Talk to you later, bye."Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yahThis what God feel like
Huh, he-yeah 
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!"
Huh, he-yeah 
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!"
Huh, he-yeah 
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
Huh, he-yeah 
This what God feel like[Outro: Eric Bolling &
Kimberly Guilfoyle
]
Lamar stated his views on police brutality
With that line in the song, quote
"And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'"
Oh, please, ugh, I don't like itThis shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'ma aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
AKs for the whole hood
House lick went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
I overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Dark Wing Duck lost service
Mama said I'd better duck, she's nervous
Drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no gun machine
This block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everbody corner 
Get a toe tag when you play tag
With a task of a new 
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it 
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since I 
Cartoons and cereal
Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room
And I run it
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth, just for you
Muhfucka, hope y'all amused!
I did wrong, karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends, enemies all the same
State, fed, both can hang
Nobody can't mute me
But I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money, don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart, face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah, this me, no mic
No cameras, no lights, just pain
Mama, how much trauma can I sustain?
Dirty money come with lots of stains
Road to riches come with lots of lanes
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain…
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gainMass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
All I see in this room: 20's, Xannies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane
Society? It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim,
I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm, inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room with 20's, Xannies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy, I lost it, I feel it's nothin' to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt to good kid, m.A.A.d. city
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, babyThis is a world premiere
This is a world premiere
This is a world premiere
I been lookin' for you my whole life, an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
Is it in a woman, is it in money or mankind?
Tell me something, got me losing my mind, ah!
You make me wanna jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
I been lookin' for you my whole life, an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
Is it in a woman, is it in money, or mankind?
Tell me something, think I'm losing my mind, ah!
I say, where you at? From the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react
Ah, I thought I found you, back in the ghetto
When I was seventeen with the .38 special
Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway
Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal anyway
I can be your advocate
I can preach for you if you tell me what the matter is[Intro: Kendrick Lamar &
Taz Arnold
]
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on (
Hell yeah
), come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on
[Interlude: Kendrick Lamar &
Taz Arnold
]
This is a fifteen minute song (
Ahahaha
)
We're just jammin' out, we on stage
Taz, we just jammin' out (
Shhh
)
Hundred thousand (
Aw, yeah, aw, shit, hahahaha
)
Hundred thousand, you gotta see it!
Look, look, look, go back to the down note
They all sing this shit, everybody
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar &
Taz Arnold
]
Now I don't let you down, down for
You see, you see, you see, you see (
Right
)
But I don't shake you down, dog for you, you, you, you, uh
They say the government ain't the truth, truth, (
Mhm
) truth, truth
And the politicians always mislead the youth, youth, youth, youth
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar &
Taz Arnold
]
But head is the answer
Head is the future
Don't second guess yourself
Come on, give me some help
Hey one more time, band, I need y'all to help me out right now (
Hahahaha
)
Head is the answer (
Yeah
)
Head is the futu—it's the future, that nigga said
Don't second guess yourself (
Crazy, holy shit, hahaha
)
Come on, give me some help
Say come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on—my background singer—come on, come on (
Right, yeah, yeah, yeah
)
Say, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar &
Taz Arnold
]
I said, girl, you make me wanna, uh
Great, the—the ho's screaming now, uh (
Hahahaha
)
I said baby you make
You make me wanna just, ah!
Baby, (
Hahahaha
) you got me speechless right now
(
Hahaha, you gotta take it there
)
I gotta take it there, I ain't even playin' no more
Uh, said you just make me wanna drag you down
To the ground, to the ground
Like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam
Ju—you just make me wanna drag you down
To—down, around like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam
And, baby, if your mama's around if your mama's around
If your mama's around if your mama's around
Tell her, tell her
No discrimination (
Haha
), she young nigga chasin' (
Ahahah!
)
And she can get this dick too!
I said come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Yeah, nigga
You gotta do it, man
We gonna lay that shit
We gonna lay that shit man and watch what it's gon' doGet you, get you, get you, get you
I'ma go hit the throttle with you
Smoking, lokin', poking that doja 'til I'm idle with you
'Cause I 
Now, baby, when I'm riding here, I'm riding dirty
Registration is out of service
Smoking, lokin', drinking that potion, you can see me swerving
'Cause I 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers
Until I came homeBarefoot babies with no cares
Teenage gun toters that don’t play fair, should I get out the car?
I don’t see Compton, I see something much worse
The land of the landmines, the hell that’s on earth[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar &
RZA
]
Compton Crip niggas ain't nothin' to fuck with
Bompton Pirus ain't nothin' to fuck with
Compton éses ain't nothin' to fuck with
But they fuck with me, and bitch, I love it
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop
(
California Dungeons
)
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop
(
California Dungeons
)
[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar &
Ab-Soul
]
Can't detour when you at war with your city, why run for it?
Just ride with me, just die with me, that gun store right there
When you fight, don't fight fair, 'cause you'll never win
(
Right, I had the yopper, and I tore they ass up
)
Can't detour when you at war with your city, why run for it?
Just ride with me, just die with me, that gun store right there
When you fight, don't fight fair, 'cause you'll never win, yeah, yeah, yeah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
We really out here, my nigga
You niggas don't understand, my nigga
I'm off a pill and Rémy Red, my nigga
Trippin', my niggaWhat the black man say?
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiplyBig shot , peanut butter insides 
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles 
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah
Big shot , peanut butter insides 
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles 
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeahUh, shoutout to ScHoolboy Q
He uglier than a motherfucker 
Tire marks, tire marks
Finish line with the tire marks
When the relay starts I’m a runaway slave
Ugh, walking on water and running on waves
God MC, oh my God, you gotta see
There’s never no I's in me
Of an Odyssey,
I’m a block away
Fire marshal's moving in
Marshmallows inside my pen
Sweet sixteens
Got a sweet sixteen and they deadlier than sin
I’m so appalled
With the prototype with a godly protocol
You an amateur, they wanna pro to call
I damage ya on camera, in Compton, in Canada
I don’t care where ya are
Just blink twice and I’m there where you are
Like a shadow in the dark,
you a paddle in the boat
In an ocean full of sharks bout to come up short
Water in the pot, flow crack rock
like Bam Bam nigga
Have two grams nigga pay up or blam blam nigga
Had a black Camry,
bumpin' Dipset, Killa Cam nigga
I had been around niggas, killas, pimps
You ain’t been around shit but your momma and your bitch
Shoved off the porch when I was like six
Uncle Bobby got the house raided back in 9-6
Kick in the door
K9s all in the kitchen way before I even heard of Mike Vick
Momma in the bathroom poppa at work
Happened on Sunday we shoulda went to Church
Look at my shirt, Polo on it
It’s gon' sell if my logo on it
I fear no opponent
A demon come near and I might throw a spear at the omen
You looking at the 2010 Romans
Empire,
Hiiipower HP,
in ya face like HD
And I spit like a HK
I’ma shot like a H3, H-U-B-C-I-T-Y, A-B and Y-G
Problem and Hootie nigga
Tell the government come shoot me, nigga
Cause I’m going out with a fist raised
And a fist full of money give it to the fifth grade
Drink a fifth of Hennessy and then take another fade
With a democratic politician from CA
They don’t wanna see a B-L-A-C-K
Making some scratch like a hall of fame DJ
Give us some free J’s put us in PJs
Now we in the county jail calling for a three-way
God-Damn, y'all cold
Mark of the beast wear your god damn bar-code
Stuck in the street where it's dark like Harpo
Black man tell me where your God-Damn heart go
Although I’m in the land of milk and honey
Nobody never gave me shit,
when I got my first chain
All the niggas tried to take it from me
I had to fight back and shit
Take it back and shit
And you rap niggas looking funny tryna talk back and shit
Like he back that shit
Acting like you real or something
Nigga ain't popped no steel, ain't popped no collar
Go pop some pills or something
You trying real hard to appeal to someone
I’m being myself, my BFF is a BM-dub
With your BM in it and your stash box glove
And the medicine a doctor gave a nigga won't help
I’m at the limit where I be amazing myself
I bet I finish on a level with a Black belt
I bet I hit it where every rapper get killed, like
Bla bla bla bla where the knife at?
Cut cut cut where your life at?
Your careers over, he’s slumped over
And if I'm off beat know I’m un-sober
That's a new flow
Pl-, Plus Q gave me some Kush and some Nuvo
New dough for the new year and I sumo on a rap peer
Not a rapper, I’m a raptor
That's a T-Rex in a V-neck for the rapture
I’m a factor
and your facial
I will fracture to a fraction
No one-half and I hate math
Pastor’s like Eddie long, fucking maricon
Took me mighty long to get here
Nigga, Fuck!Smoking out, pouring up, keep that lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, I can't fuck with y'all
Pussy-ass, ho niggas ,
I can't fuck with y'all
Bitches all up in my business ,
I can't fuck with y'all
Industry of counterfeits ,
I can't fuck with y'all
[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar &
Aaliyah
]
Now everybody sing this shit
I'm sending him a four-page letter
And I enclosed it with a kiss 
And when I write him, he better
Get it on time
Look at my life, and look at yours
Get some ambition why you bored
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.PFancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars
Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard, oh
Flagging down all of these flashy carsI wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimenting me on my nappy hair
If I can fuck her in front of all of these passengers
They'll probably think I'm Osama
The plane emergency landed, it was an honor
Hol' upYou ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hardI mean, I've seen so many things come through them, him, her, you, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
I'm just a messenger
Yeah, I know life's a bitch, get the best of her
Put them threes up, they notice that we up
HiiiPower and the power in the people and if they don't believe us
They'll die
Wizard
Now, I don't give a fuck if you
Black, white, Asian, Hispanic, goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity, nigga[Pre-Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar &
ScHoolboy Q
]
Reason why I'm
be going big, bitch, suck my dick
Yeah, I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick
Tell 'em I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick
Yeah, I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick (
Yeah
)
Too many niggas, not enough hoes
And some of you niggas, acting like hoes
Stay to myself like loners do
Get high by myself, I'm not in the mood
To politic or be fake with you
We apologize if you ever knew
Too many niggas, and not enough hoes
And most of you niggas, acting like hoes
Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes, like hoes
Like hoes, nigga actin like a hoe
Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes
You actin like a hoe, you actin like a hoe
You actin like a hoe, niggas actin like a hoe
Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes, like hoesAyo Just Blaze, good looking homie
Just Blaze
Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
In the city of Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Mom, I finna use the van real quick!
Be back, 15 minutes!Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy
My mama didn't raise me up to be jealous-hearted
Like most of the winners call it
Regardless of where you stay, hold your head and continue marching
That's what she said, but in my head I wanted to be like Jordan
Award touring the country with money from mic recording
The only way out the ghetto, you know the stereotype
Shooting hoops or live on the stereo like Top 40
And shortly, I got discouraged
Like every time I walked to the corner, had them guns bursting
Nigga, I was rehearsing in repetition the phrase
That only one in a million will ever see better days
Especially when the crime waves was bigger than tsunamis
Break your boogie boards to pieces,
you just a typical homie
All these niggas facetious and they all standing beside me
They all'll buy me a chopper if any one of you try me
What am I to do when every neighborhood is an obstacle?
When two niggas making it out had never sounded logical?
Three niggas making it out? That's mission impossible
So I never believed the type of performance that I could do
I wasn't jealous cause of the talents they got
I was terrified they'd be the last black boys to fly out of Compton
Thank God'Cause everytime y'all come around
Y'all be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say, oh my God, shut the fuck up
Keep it running, Ali
Every time you come around
You be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say
So tell 'em, "Shut the fuck up!"
Tell 'em, "Shut the fuck up!"
Yeah, bitch, you boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you thirsty
Tell 'em "Shut the fuck up!"
Tell 'em "Shut the fuck up!"
Yeah, nigga, you boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you thirsty
You thirsty, you boo-boo
You T, you turnt down
You boo-boo, you T'd
You boo-boo, you turnt down
You thirsty, you T'd
You boo-boo, you turnt down
You boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you weak
You weak, yo’ bitch weak
Yo- 
You boo-boo, you T 
Keep all that
What is HiiiPoWeR?
HiiiPoWeR is the way we think, the way we live
See it’s known today that the human race is nothing
No morals, no standards
What we’re about to do is raise the level of expectations
No, you don’t have to have a lot of money
You don’t have to be rich
But you will be rich in mind and spirit
Some say it’s as big as a crew, some say it’s as big as a gang
HiiiPoWeR, we stand for it as if it’s as big as a religionSmoke good, eat good, live good
Smoke good, eat good, live good
Smoke good, eat good, live good
Smoke good, eat good, live good
Smoke good, eat good, live good
And I do this for the city
Got some Hennessy and my real niggas with me
Fuck the police, they gon' have to come and get me
If it feel good to you, holler if you hear me
Church is definitely on the move and now we done took it up to the cathedral
'Cause the ism is enormous, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
We out here rotating under the five P's
Proper preparation prevents poor performance, You know what I'm talking 'bout?
Doing my thing 'cause I'm rotating with my speakers thumping
From the Windy City streets all the way out here to the streets of Compton
Know what I'm talking 'bout?
Church is definitely on the move and we gon' continue to hustle and grow and develop by far
As I rotate with my true player partner by the name of Kendrick Lamar, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
This is the ism, this is the vision, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
Gotta get up off your ass and get it, man
That's the only way your pockets gon' expand
I tell you everyday, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
Apply yourself to supply your wealth
Only limitations you'll ever have are those that you place upon yourself
Church is definitely on the move, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
Exercise your ism, and don't depend on no one else
Cathedral, church, ismWe would like to call this an appreciation tape for those who recognized the Kendrick Lamar EP. For this is the Kendrick Lamar OD. Because of you we are Overly Dedicated[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar &
Jay Rock
]
The other side has never mortified my mortal mind
The borderline between insanity is Father Time
I fall behind my skeleton, they tell me that I'm blind
I know that I'm intelligent, my confidence just died
Carpe diem, seize the day,
I can't
compromise
A tapeworm couldn't cure this gluttonous appetite
A couple trinkets, they seein' me as I pacify
But couldn't fathom the meaning of seein' sacrifice
I'm passin' lives on the daily, maybe I'm losing faith
Genocism and capitalism just made me hate
Correctionals and these private prisons gave me a date
Professional dream killers reason why I'm awake
I'm sleepwalkin', I'm street stalkin', I'm outta place
Reinforcing this heat barking, these are the brakes
Before I blink, do I see me before them pearly gates?
Or this is just a mirage or a facade
WaitWe hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there
She says she loves me
She says she loves me
So she clings to me, even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like, sometimes, when I have things on my mind, she's the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice, she says, when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning, she's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me
She says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower, she's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says she loves me... and I don't know about loveI went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it till I get it right
I went to war last night
I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and letting them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my body in the street
Keep my money in the ceiling, let my mama know I'm free
Give my story to the children and a lesson they can read
And the glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make a motherfucker scream, "I love myself!"
I lost my head
I must've misread what the good book said
Oh, woes keep me,
it's a jungle inside
Give myself again 'til the well runs dry Your worst fear is confirmed
We love that you crashed and burned
The real is back
K. Dot it's your turn, take your victory lap
King Cole salutin' Compton's own King Kendrick
Thats the sky is falling, the wind is calling
Stand for something or die in the morning
The city hail King Kendrick Lamar
The world hail King Kendrick Lamar
And now we dump'n out the roof, 
Drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
Uh, me K-D-O-T, put T-N-T inside my suit
Uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then I blew
And now we dump'n out the roof, 
Drive past, guns blast, shooting up the charts too
Uh, me K-D-O-T, put T-N-T inside my suit
Uh, walk inside the label, struck a match and then I blew
This is my life and I look at it like its my last
And I'm lookin' right past the future as I reminisce on my past
And I don't even think how I used to, my mind is on rocket blast
And I don't even drink like I used too, and I don't even smoke
So you know this natural flow is for users that want to go to rehab
Lookin' at the coke that he had, matter fact that followers bother them
Then but I won't say my bad, see I just lay in the cut
Watch the product stack up, motherfucker what what
See now we dump'n out the roofNow everybody put your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck, put your hands up high
And this still the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge, but never will I diss y'all
This my world, I grab the universe then play kickball
And they wonder why these California earthquakes hittin' so hard
I'm So-Cal, you so-called rappers need to go call Ghostbusters
'Cause you busters are Casper when I go off
I show up to show out and show off
You a hundred percent behind me
And if you are, then wreck your car
And walk up to my crime scene
I remember bein' seventeen, wishin' someone would sign me
Now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
Backin' down bargains, backin' down bitches
We gon' flip her
Once she off that blue dolphin, you gon' tip her
'Cause ignorance is bliss
And Willie B, I'm a fool on your beats
I bleed out the speaker
as the speaker that spoke when they didn't speakAnd I'm so happy I cry
Cause I can't believe
All the things I ever wanted
Are finally happening for me
And it's so surreal
That I almost feel
That any minute I can wake up
From this fantasy
When you pray so hard
And you've come so far
And you know that it's the time for you to lift your bar
And I'm gonna do it
Watch me!
I'm so high I can touch the sky
I know it's my time
And it's now or never
I shine so bright I light the night
And it feels so right, ain't nothing better
I'm so high I can touch the sky
I know it's my time
And it's now or never
I shine so bright I light the night
And it feels so right, ain't nothing betterHold on, let's get this shit, let's get this shit
Let's get this shit, let's, hmm
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Hold on, let's get this shit, let's get this shit
Let's get this shit, let's, hmm 
[Verse: Baby Keem &
Kendrick Lamar
]
Ain't shit changed, still fuckin' and rappin'
Two bad bitches here, Cartier glasses, huh
Her friend got pornography habits (
Give me that bitch, but, sir
)
Rollie gang, Rollie gang, Rollie gang (
pgLang
, fool
)
Hundred thousand on her, she know she gang (
She's hot
)
Rover gang, Rover gang, Rover gang (
Rover gang
)
Range brothers out the roof, we're not the Wayans (
We're not the Wayans
)
Bitch, I hate to tell the truth, we're not the same (
He's B
aby Keem
)
I'm with my Rover brother and we're runnin' game (
A Range Rover
)
Whippin' rubber bands on the meatloaf
Overseas, tidy up for me 'fore I get home
Take one, take two, take three, heave it
Stop hidin' comments under your sleeve, nigga, believe it
Why your boyfriend keep on lookin' for me, is he Jesus?
Let's get this shit, let's get this shit
Let's get this shit, let's, hmm
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Top of the mornin', top of the mornin'
Hold on, let's get this shit, let's get this shit
Let's get this shit, let's, hmmLadies and gentlemen
And you ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
You ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
And you ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
You ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
I love the way you put it on your eyes
The roses on your face light up the sky
Those lips are colorful all of the time
And girl, that's fine, but I wanna know, do you mind?
No makeup today, no makeup today, today
No makeup today, no makeup today
And girl, that's fine, but I wanna know, do you mind?Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yo' cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Whatever makes all of you happy in this bitch
Just take it all back before the light switchIn today's day and age we practice the self pity of taking the easy way out
You wait on them, him and her
But when a blessing takes too long, that's when you go wrong
You selfish motherfucker
Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
She said I’m down on my luck
And it’s something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and told them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money, and it’s breaking me down honey
Pimp pimp I watch this fire that we’re gathered around
And see that it burns similar to the fire that’s inside you
Section.80
Section.80 babies
A generation of bliss and disobedience
No, they can't control us
No, they can't control you
No, they can't control us
But we can control each other
We build our own world
If you don't leave with nothing else tonight
You will leave with knowing yourself
You will leave knowing that you represent something that's bigger than all of us
Our family
Heart, honor, and respect
This is you
This is me
And we are HiiiPowerWhat do you stand for?
Are you a activist? What are your city plans for?
Are you a accident? Are you just in the way?
Your native tongue contradictin' what your body language say
Are you a king or you jokin'? Are you a king or you posin'?
Are you a king or you smokin' bowl rocks to keep you open?
Because the king don't cry, king don't die
King don't lie, king give all, king get by, king don't fall
Kingdom come, when I come, you know why
KING! KING! KING! KING! KING!
I am T'ChallaMm, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh-oh, oh
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh-oh, oh
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da-da-daI am yours
I am yours
I am yours
I am yours
Ndiseza ndingene laduma vumile
Ndiseza ndingene laduma vumileAnd so these girls, these vulnerable girls
Took they men up, put 'em in they world, they vulnerable world
And just like that, it was only gettin', got they feelings hurt
Tell me how that sound?
They got fed up with the biggest question mark
They curious now
'Cause when women get sick of men, they think of a big helping hand
To lend each other, uncover emotions when lights dim
So when she telling her to come over, it'll be alright
The minute she hit the block and turn left, she'll be turning dyke, they go
Fuck with other bitches when they tired of these niggas
Fuck with other bitches when they tired of these niggas
Fuck with other bitches on the side 'cause these niggas—
Tammy's songCape Town, Cape Town
Cape Town, Cape Town
Caaaaaaaaape Town
Cape Town, Cape Town
Ugh!
Cornrow Kenny
All morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits, skrrt!
Morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits, skrrt-skrrt!
Cornrow Kenny
So many plays on me, I finesse
Palisade views with some sex
I lost a lot of love for missionary
This the first time I react
Me and Top is like a Kobe-and-Phil
A father figure; play with him, you get killed
Play with me and he-a kill you himself
TDE the mafia of the west
Move in silence, yeah, we juugin’ like that
Act of violence, yeah, we juugin’ like that
I did a lot of dumb things in my past
Lord forgive me, hoping I don't relapse
Dave just bought a new 9-11
Almost thought I’d seen another plane crash
Q just bought a brand new McLaren
Rock-a-lack about to buy the projects
Moosa got his son dripping in gold
Me, I'm about to let my hair down to hoes
Ali 'bout to let his hair down to hoes
Top billing, that’s a million a show
Might blow the whole no-whammy on Soul
Might tell Obama, "Be more like Punch"
Sounwave got a Grammy this year
Mackwop, bet he do what he want
Level two, level two, no, I’m not done
You ain’t gotta tell me that I’m the one
I could put a rapper on life support
Guaranteed, something that none of you want
Ten homies down and they all serving life
Ward is like twenty-five hundred a month
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
You ain’t gotta tell me that I’m the one
You ain’t gotta tell me that I’m the one
You ain’t gotta tell me that I’m the one
You ain’t got, you ain’t got
You ain’t got, you ain’t got
Tell me that, tell me that that I'm the one
You ain’t got, you ain’t got, you ain’t got
You ain’t got tell me that, what! I’m the one
Yes, I’m the one!Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
 I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
H.O.C., H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.CAll I ever wanted was a dollar bill and hundreds
And my teacher as my woman, when she smiled, I stick my tongue in
Plus some cartoons and some cereal, Snoop Doggy on my stereo
Some British Knights
or LA Gears with glowing lights
or Perry Ellis jacket
I would love a swapmeet full of Chevrolets in candy paint
That's wet with Tammy on the bumper, can I hump her? Poppa tell me yes
A DPGC concert and a DJ Quik song on cassette
Twenty years later: hi hater, I'm the fucking best
I'm so turnt
Wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
And you know, Westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
Eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
When my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
Westside, right on time, only thing fosho
Eastside, right on time, gunning through your doorTryna visualize how to get it right but my vision’s so blurry
Tryna slow it down, stay close to the ground, but we’re always in a hurry now
And if I could make this world spin a little slower, then I would
Then we could grow a little closer, I think we’re getting closer
I think we’re getting closerLove, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you?
I know the feeling haunt you
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars approach you, all the stars approach you, all the stars approach you
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closerMen lie, wo- women lie
Men lie, wo- women
Men lie, wo- women lie
Men lie, wo- women
Look at all the bullshit I been through
If I take you home, will you tell the truth?I'll be damned if the chopper jam now
And we never ask for no handouts
I'll take you back to that pack of Black & Milds in my hand now 
In the midst of it all, was cooking, them pots and pans out
Looking forward as four of us forced to form a new clan now
Fast-forward as I wait in line for this passport
The homies was still poor, with work in a Jansport
Whoever thought that Rosenberg would mention me to Dre?
Even Vanessa from XXL had told him press play
And there goes my fate; now, I'm on stage with Snoop
Gave me the torch and I ran with it in hot pursuit
Rapped with my forefathers, even wreck it with Gaga, too
Lyricist of the year, fuck am I 'posed to do?
Rock!
Laughing at you niggas out there who thought we was flukes
Exaggerated shit that we rapped had came true
Thought I was aggravated when Warner had let me loose
I was honored—see, they was haunted when Mike Jones didn't recoup
Cool, 'cause niggas won't outdo us in the booth
Even when my album leak, fans still buy it for proof
I came, I saw, I conquered
No shame, I blame all of this on Compton
Thinking 'bout when Sherane tried to set me up
Cold game, full circle, they set up her
I put my life in these twelve songs, my fight in these twelve songs
The fight to ignite any wrong and right that I prolong
The story, the short film,
the glory of him and them
The worry of mothers that don't recover when babies killed
The trial and the tribulations,
the newer
Miseducation
The view of a body wasting, you knew somebody who ain't make it
The angry, the adolescent, the reason I ask this question:
Will you let hip-hop die on October 22nd?
Will you let hip-hop die on October 22nd?Head is the futureKendrick
Kendrick, Kendrick Lamar[Hook:
J. Cole
,
Kendrick Lamar
, JaVonte]
Left side, left side, hey
Right side, right side, hey
Before we walk, we must crawl
But we run when temptation calls
Left side, left side, hey
Right side, right side, hey
Before we walk we must crawl
But we run when temptation calls
I'm losing temptationEvery time I’m in my city, I be feeling like my shit don’t stink
Used to clean my Rolie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding around with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumpin' "Me Against the World," hello, world, Kendrick here
And I’m too much for these niggas, I’m three much for these hoes
I’m too much for these niggas, I’m three much for these hoes
I’m too much for these niggas, I’m three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan bitch, Michael Jordan bitch, Michael Jordan bitch
Michael Jordan bitch, that means I’m too much for these niggas
I’m three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that and that's just how it goesThis for my people that stressing whenever times is hard
Your mind's slipping, wondering, "Is there really a God?"
Knowing you shouldn't think that way and trying to freeze your brain
But whenever there's pain, that feeling forever remains
We can't believe what we can't see and reality seems stronger than prayer
Cause you tried to change your life, and now you live in a wheelchair
And your son was born with cancer and he live in urgent care
At the tender age of 12, and you feel that no one cares
Searching for answers, that's human nature, you ain't in the wrong
Just know when you feeling that way His Spirit's in the room
I watched people I know pray and catch the Holy Ghost
And wonder why I ain't ever caught that feeling before
Maybe they know Him better, or I don't know no better
But what I do know, is that He's real and He lives forever
So the next time you feel like your world's about to end
I hope you studied because He's testing your faith again
I'd rather not live like there isn't a God
Than die and find out there really is
Think about itRidin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one 
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one 
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one 
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one 
I'm glad we was able to talk about her vice and her evils
There is an even more important topic I'd like to discuss
The dysfunctional bastards of the Ronald Reagan era
Young men that learned to do everything spiteful
This is your generation
Live fast and die young
Who's willing to explain this story?
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one 
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one 
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one Ugh, I wrote this song when Dave drove home
And caught that flat in the mean T-Flats
And it made me think if we could blink
To change locations where we at
We often get lost in the alcohol bottle
In attempt to ignore pain, problem, and sorrow
Just for a minute, then back to the bullshit
Your car note due, and you 'bout to get evicted
Two drugs, surely, Patrón, pussy, make it feel alright
But once it's empty and that bitch leave, then it's back to life
You can't run from it, gotta run to it, nigga
The antidote wouldn't last, and you knew it, nigga
But still, you proceed to dive deep, ask what's her Zodiac sign
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
Okay, welcome to my diary—hmm, where should I begin?
Finna get a Swisher and fill it with at least a gram
Crackers watch my every step; man, I hate to work for them
One time, I tried to work for me, but that shit didn't work for me
And here I am, stressing, questioning my direction man
What to do? Nothing's moving, traffic jam, wiggle through it
Pop the cork and take the fluid, bust that pussy open
Bust that pussy open, bust that pussy open
 Balls deep, you dig?
Retrieve relief, you dig?
Let's kill a bottle of tequila
And lie butt-naked telling the truth, would you?
What's up?
I had a long day, and I really wanna fuck
Take a double-shot to the face and forget about my whole day
'Cause all I've been thinking the whole day 
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
All I need in this lifetime: Pussy and Patrón
Give me that, once you give me that, once again, it's on
Bitch I'm swagged up, hoes bopping when I'm off that Screw
Coming down clean, tell your baby momma, "What it do?"
Where your friends at? I got long dick—what it is?
Go'n' poke it out, situate your little positives
How I live? Big shot, on my grind, already
I'ma lay it down like a carpenter when you let meThis is why they fuck with me 
This is why they fuck with me 
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe 
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know
So there you have it
But I'mma leave you with this
An O.G. once told me
A real gangster is either dead or in jail
Or behind the scenes getting real money
I'm gonePour up, drank, head shot, drank
Sit down, drank, stand up, drank
Pass out, drank, wake up, drank
Faded, drank, faded, drank
Aw man... where is she taking me...
Where is she taking me...
All I, all I, all I, all I
All I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got hunger pain that grow insane
Tell me do that sound familiar?
If it do then you're like me
Making excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of the bottle
And the greenest indo leaf
As the window open I release
Everything that corrode inside of me
I see you joking, why you laugh?
Don't you feel bad?
I probably sleep, and never ever wake up
Never ever wake up, never ever wake up
In God I trust
But just when I thought I had enough
More, more, bless me more
We gon drink this mothafucka down, more
Bottoms up then we pass it round, more
Fill it up more, not enough, more
Bless me more
We gon drink this mothafucka down, more
Bottoms up then we pass it round, more
Fill it up more, not enough, more
Fill it up more, not enough, more
Fill it up more, not enough, moreWhen we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
That's crazy
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane
Don't forget, still sing along kids, still sing along
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Please sing
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane"This is a song that makes me spill out all my guts—"That girl is smoking, and can you believe that I'm her focus?
It ain’t hard to see she got me open, and together we are roller-coasting on
We lose touch, separated, years pass, I’m outdated
She’s dating one of Hollywood’s famous entertainers, Denzel good
Paparazzi spot ‘em out shopping, Tuesday morning brunch, Benihana's
Tabloids paint a picture of a perfect couple
Headline reads when a famous actor loves you, Emmy Awards, Academy too
On the red carpet, dress matching his suit, she holding his arm
She waves at her moms and wave at the world, got the world in her palms
Head in the clouds, star gazing, caught her on the stage, a proposal was waiting
He bent down, got on one knee, she looked him in the eye and said she needs me
She needs me, she needs me, she needs me, she needs me
Even if we seem to separate, eventually it’ll come to pass, and she’ll need me
I need her, we need we
That girl is smoking, and can you believe that I'm her focus?
It ain’t hard to see she got me open, and together we are roller-coasting onYou might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas I be screwed up, Chi town I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown I’m forever living
[Hook: Kendrick Lamar &
Dr. Dre
]
Women, weed, and weather
They come for
women, weed, and weather
For the women, weed, and weather
From all around the world for the
women, weed, and weather
Got that women, weed, and weather
Don't it sound clever, come and play
What more can I say? Welcome to LA
Jay Rock got the recipe
Fly hoes wanna roll I guess 
Everybody know I got that Yola
Ask Keisha she'll confess
I wake up then I bake up with a bad bitch she ain't got on no makeup, uh
Medicated, please my nigga no telling where the high gonna take us, uh
Three w's, I'm at the W, She got double D's bout to bring trouble through
OG, Hennessy get their panties wet, I'm trying to dive in the swimming pool
Left stroke, right stroke, whats the best stroke
That stroke can smoke all down her throat
And we blows all kinds of dro
Cali got the best so act like you know, nigga
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas I be screwed up, Chi town I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown I’m forever living
[Hook: Kendrick Lamar &
Dr. Dre
]
Women, weed, and weather
They come for
women, weed, and weather
For the women, weed, and weather
From all around the world for the
women, weed, and weather
Got that women, weed, and weather
Don't it sound clever, come and play
What more can I say? Welcome to LAI'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great adviceYee, man, I hope Jay don’t be mad at me 'bout this song
Start-ay, Wizzle start me back from like the first verse
Like right before I come in
Haha, what you say? Nah, you think it’ll be hot, for real though?
Nigga, you stupid, they probably laughin' as hard as you
Nigga got the best wife in the world and shit
Run that back, thoughShe looks better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys, Halle Berry, Miss Jolie
Where's she from? No I.D. 
And if I die before I wake, I pray that I'm in outer space
UFO fly away 
You something different, I'm glad I found you
So pretty, I'll never do anything to hurt youIt's been a week already, feeling weak already
Got me at peak, possibility of what could be
Situation is heavy, I've got to prove
On February 26th I lost my life too
It's like I'm here in a dark dream
Nightmare, hear screams recorded
Say that it sounds distorted but they know who it was
That was me yelling for help when he drowned in his blood
Why didn't he defend himself? Why couldn't he throw a punch?
And for our community do you know what this does?
Add to a trail of hatred
2012 was taped for the world to see
Set us back another 400 years
This is modern day slavery
The reason why I'm by your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your son jumped in your arm
Cut off the engine then sped off in the rain
I'm on the dash with my bible in the trunk
Had the vodka on the top
How come I can long time
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
See I'm living with anxiety
Giving up sobriety
Cussing with his sister
And playing with society
Justice ain't free
Therefore justice ain't me
Try and justify staying, obituary
Why you wanna see a good man with a broken heart?
Once upon a time, I go to church and talk to God
Now I'm thinking to myself
Hollow tips is all I got
Now I'm drinking by myself
At the end of Section Park
Caught you when you walk besides your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your spine drip to your arm
Cut off the engine then sped off in a wraith
I said Hiiipower, one time you see it
Hiiipower, two times, you see it
Hiiipower, two times you see it
Conversation for the entire nation this is bigger than usDon't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do itIf you want to be from HiiiPoWeR
Please come to friend zone
But don't wowwy
You will not suck on my dick tonight