

[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Just Blaze]
And the prophecy read that one day, like the phoenix rose from the ashes, that a boy will be born unto a family in the slums! This boy will go on and use the knowledge that he gains, while fighting for survival in the streets, to become a great leader! And in time, that boy will grow to become... KING!

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Time to ride nigga (Just Blaze!!)
I welcome you and get acquainted with the youngest in charge
Respected from East to West like he was running the mob
Dictating, ain't taking orders from no one but God
I know you niggas is broke cause I know what you charge
Them niggas wishing for a Phantom it's one in my garage
It's black as legary right next to the black Ferrari
You niggas ain't getting money off of rapping I'm sorry
Fuck the rep went and spent 60 large on a Harley
Cause where he stay 10,012 feet not hardly
Now you see that we ain't able to compete, now are we?
And pardon me I'm giving you the Westside story
Of the A, where I stay niggas stay down for me
You want to play, have you gay niggas lay down for me
And get a order for killers to spray rounds for me
Competition, you ain't considered; you rapping, you bore me
You reppin the A horribly, must I say? More importantly

[Hook: T.I.]
The king back!
Nigga the king back
You betta lean back
Nigga the king back

The king back!
Nigga the king back
Shawty you seen that? (What happened, my nigga?)
Nigga the king back

[Interlude: T.I.]
Ay, man y'all niggas got me way too fucked up, you understand that?
What you need to do is homeboy
You need to go back and grab I'm Serious you know
You need to get familiar with Dope Boyz and see where
All these niggas got they style
See where that trap shit came from
Then you need to graduate to mothafucking In Da Streets Vol.1-3
Then you need to go to Trap Muzik, I got locked up for a second
Then grab Urban Legend and now to bring you up to speed

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Who knew you could fit on your wrist a whole pound of diamonds
I'm number one on the list while you clowns are climbing
Wishing to be in positions that you found that I'm in
Since you niggas do what it say I'm world renowned than sign me
If Jay handled the clay and around the time
I delivered a bad day when 45's were firing
I care the least about police and the fireman siren
Ambulance ain't gon' stand a chance in reviving
DOA the meaning being deceased upon arriving
Paramedics yell clear and your flat line silent
You ain't ready for out here cause the lifestyle violent
You think you is, you must be living on Fantasy Island
Make us mad, get your ass wiped out like Thailand
Hit my phone and got what left and drained the three while you following
You say you want to release and go to war with the finest
Need you be reminded? Want it with Your Highness?

[Hook: T.I.]

[Outro: T.I.]
Ay man I know y'all niggas still in the trap everyday
Still man I know y'all niggas don't see nothing but the projects nothing but grits
But listen, make no motherfucking mistake man
I still wiil shoot up my motherfucking self, AK and
45 nigga on side nigga
And come see 'bout niggas you understand
But I don't want to do that cause I respect that shit y'all doing
I started that shit, I made that shit cool
I made these niggas want to be you nigga
Nigga respect this shit!!!!

