

[Intro]
Let's get it homeboy!
Y'all already know what is man, this ain't nothing new to y'all man!
T.I.P., Pimp $quad Click ya understand that?
King of the South! Hey!
Westside of the A-Town, nigga you don't know no better nigga
Zone 1 thru 4
BANKHEAD!!
Bowen Homes, Bankhead Courts what's happening?

[T.I. over Intro]
Huh, huh-ayyyy
Yuh, yuh, huh-ayyyy
Grand Hustle - c'mon and kick it wit me for a minute you know what I'm saying?
Come and ride wit'cha boy man, hey!
Y'all ready know what it is, aye..
We gone swing by Simpson Road y'know what I'm sayin'
We gone ride down Bankhead my nigga
C'mon and ride wit a nigga right quick aight?

[Hook]
Come and ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at
Where them suckers get it at and hustlas keep the chickens at
Ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at
Where ho niggas be snitchin at and often come up missin at
Ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at
Where them killers livin at and T.I.P. be trillin at
Ride wit a G, come and ride wit a G
All through the ATL, come and ride wit a G

[Verse 1]
See me riding through Atlanta in a Phantom with the double door
Make these bitches wonder what he be in so much trouble for
I'm touching folk, anytime they tryin Grand Hustle folk
And busting folk, what the fuck they arguing fussin cussin for?
You lucky ho, a couple of years ago I'da probably cut your throat
But fuck it though, what I'm spending somethin on a nothin for?
This well-known flow, man I got this shit from Simpson Road
Adamsville, Bowen Homes, Center Hill to Zone 4
A drop top, flip flop, shine thats the chrome glow
TIP pop out the roof, ay what he up in Herndon Home for?
With long dough, shit he just doin what he known for
Blowin 'dro on twenty-fo', livin how the song go
Rubber burnin, turnin corners, beatin like a congo
You try to jack and pull the strap, it's +ASAP+ pronto
King of the South, every hood's head honcho
I'm Westside certified, go where the fuck I wanna go

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Hey I done told y'all I'm a O.G., never had cold feet
You end up with no teeth, nigga "U Don't Know Me"
I'll knock ya off ya feet, put holes in ya 'til ya clothes leak
Toss this in the river like I threw away my old heat
You chose to oppose me? Who the fuck you 'posed to be?
Mechanicsville to Summerhill, the Zone 3 done roll wit me
No ho's in me, you know all the blow these folks done sold wit me?
I'm everything you 'posed to be, boy ain't no runnin over me
Kick it wit the +King+ and lemme show you what I mean man
Most these niggas rappin 'bout a block, ain't never seen nann
Real niggas recognize, real niggas and ye ain't nann
You don't know how to stab a nigga dead, keep a clean hand
Or sell a block for twenty-fo' you got for seventeen grand
From Eastside niggas in Kirkwood and Little Vietnam
These 26's keep the attention of bitches
Come and ride wit me pimpin, lemme show you how we get it

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Alabama, Mississippi, come and ride wit a G
Dallas ride wit a G, Houston ride wit a G
Carolinas, Virginia, Philly come and ride wit a G
Memphis ride wit a G, Chicago ride wit a G
California, Florida, Detroit they all gon' ride wit a G
Phoenix ride wit a G, St. Louis ride wit a G
Seattle ride wit a G, Jersey ride wit a G
Vegas, New York, and D.C. they all ride wit a G

[Hook]

