

[Hook]
What you're gonna do when you're sitting all alone
In your empty ass home with the motherfucking sawed-off
Pop off the rock ship, pop pop pop off the rock ship! (2x)

My nose is running like me from the police
It's been three weeks and I ain't got no sleep
Now I'm chilling where the players and the hoes be
With two broke ass hands trying to roll weed
Cuz I pop pop pop off the rock ship
You might know a lot of things, baby, not this!
And I'll do it all again for you, watch this
As I limp my ass back to the cockpit
(C'mon) Now start it up, (c'mon) let the engine roar
And all the people in the moshpit scream for more!
(Yeah!) They scream for more! (Yeah!) So light it up
'Cuz the way we live our lives seems right to us

Let me tell you people what you need to know
You've gotta plant a lot of seeds for your weed to grow
You've also gotta know when you need to run
You hear that (click click click) that's the sound of a shotgun!

Everybody jumps from the sound of the shotgun
Yeah in my neighborhood, everybody got one! (4x)

[Hook]

Woke up in the morning in the county jail
And I can't remember yesterday that well
Hell I, can't remember when I slept that well
I told this girl I've been fucked and get my belt
Cuz I pop pop pop off the rock ship
You probably heard it all before, baby, not this!
Here's the shout to you ladies with the hot tits
Courtesy of Limp Bizkit on some rock shit
(C'mon) Now here we go, (C'mon) start it up!
Should I remind you motherfuckers that I don't give a fuck
(Hell no) I never have, (Hell yeah) I never will
And I will always understand how the haters feel

Let me tell you people what you need to know
You've gotta plant a lot of seeds for your weed to grow
You've also gotta know when you need to run
You hear that (click click click) that's the sound of a shotgun!

Everybody jumps from the sound of the shotgun
Yeah in my neighborhood, everybody got one! (4x)

Everybody's got one!

[Guitar solo]

Pop off the rock ship
Pop pop pop off the rock ship (2x)

