

(This brings us up to date. The reason why I am here. Well it's not long after we moved
It's about three months. We found out we were going to have a baby. Unfortunately, not by choice
It just happened. And I have no idea what to do. We don't have any money. We don't have much space
We're 18 and on our own. You know? I came out here to get away, have a fresh start
This makes it hard. You haven't said anything in a while. You're not even listening.)

Yes I am
Go ahead and sell me more
Oh, yes I love to hear every word you say
So let it out, don't let it stay
'Cause that's what kills and that's what hurts
When you're stuck inside and you can't get out
But here's what's worse:
When you have to lie because you're stuck inside this shallow mind
That won't see himself for what he is
The truth behind what he gives to the world and himself
And what he thinks he is
You can't hurt anyone 'cause you only give
Oh, that's you

(Not that's not me and I never said it was
I bet you're saying this because you probably did the same thing with me.)
Oddly enough, I'm on my way
Now see, it's natural to assume the worst when you're raised to only trust yourself
But I must agree, you should know that you have been quite wrong
Your dad is right, it's not his fault
You only see what you need to see to feel worse for your sorry life;
Not to fix it, but to only hide behind walls you put up
So continue feeling bad for yourself, it's not your fault it's everyone else
There's one thing you fail to see
You're a man, you're your father's son
You both decided it was best to run
And now you're stuck being him
So forget the plans you had for life
It's time to learn it's time for people to try to look at things for what they are
And not the best story line
The best story line...
The best story line...
The best story line...
The best story line...
The best story line...

(Hi, my name is Dean. I grew up in a small suburb town about 40 miles from the city
It's a quiet place but the people there have the biggest mouths
It's the kind of place where people care more about your stories
Than who you actually are. I guess that kind of makes sense now when I look at myself.)

