

One-two-three-four-five-six!

Roadrunner, roadrunner
Going faster miles an hour
Gonna drive past the Stop 'n' Shop
With the radio on...

I'm in love with the modern world
Massachusetts when it's late at night
And the neon when it's cold outside
I got the radio on...
Just like the roadrunner

Goin around the highway

I walked past the stop'n'shop
Then I drove past the stop'n'shop
I like that much better than walking by the stop'n'shop
Cause I had the radio on.....,
I felt in touch with the modern world
I felt in love with the modern world
I felt in love with Mattapan and Roslindale
Cause I had the radio on.....,
I felt like the Road Runner
With the radio on....

Now I said welcome to the spirit of old 1956
It was patient in the bushes next to '57
Well the highway was my only girlfriend I went by so quick
And suburban trees were out there, and consequently it smelled like heaven
And so I say roadrunner once, roadrunner twice...
Were in love with this feeling now and we'll be out all night

All right, now we can tell them about our love, you men

(Radio On!) I got the AM...
(Radio On!) I've got the power, I feel the feeling now...
(Radio On!) I feel the feeling and it's feeling alright now...
(Radio On!) And I feel in touch with the modern world

OK let's go down route 128

Oh Yeah

Can you feel it out in Needham now?
Out in Route 128 by the power lines
It's so exciting there at night
With the pine trees in the dark
With the 50,000 watts of power
We go faster miles an hour
With the radio on...

Road Runner, Road Runner
Goin faster miles an hour
I'm gonna drive past the stop'n'shop
With the radio on...,
See I'm in love with the modern world
Massachusetts when it's late at night
And the neon when it's cold outside
You see I have the radio on...,
Like the Road Runner

Now what do you think about that guys?

(Radio On!) Good! we got the AM...
(Radio On!) I think we got the power, got the magic now...
(Radio On!) We got the feeling of the modern world...
(Radio On!) The sound of the modern radio feeling when it's late at night...
(Radio on!) Got the sound of the modern loneliness when it's cold outside...
(Radio on!) Got the sound of Massachusetts when it's blue and white...
(Radio on!) Got Route 128 on a dark and lonely night...
(Radio on!) I feel alone and cold and lonely...
(Radio on!) I feel alone in the cold neon...
(Radio on!) I feel alive, I feel the love, I feel alive, I feel the Rockin...
(Radio on!) Go home now, yes...
(Radio on!) Gonna go home, yes...
(Radio on!) Road Runner go home, here we go now...
(Radio on!) Were gonna drive 'em home you guys

Here we go

That's right

Bye-bye!

